Product name. (#24)
eProsima/Micro-XRCE-DDS-docs: docs/introduction.rst

DDS-XRCE protocol
-----------------

*eProsima Micro XRCE-DDS* implements `DDS-XRCE protocol <https://www.omg.org/spec/DDS-XRCE/1.0/Beta1/PDF>`_
specified in the `DDS for eXtremely Resource Constrained Environments` proposal submitted to the `Object Management Group (OMG)` consortium.

> This protocol allows communicating resource constrained devices with a larger `DDS (Data Distribution Service)` network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This protocol allows resource constrained devices to communicate with a larger `DDS (Data Distribution Service)` network.
```
